DESIGNER KIT CONTENTS
- readme (this document)
- Default textures
  *  arrow Defaults
  *  clock number Defaults
  *  line texture Default
  *  Line Texture UV  (overlay of the line)
  *  Default title Default
- StartLine texture updater (case sensitive) , use described in section 1. This is the script
- StartLine texture updater data Default (case sensitive), UUIDs of textures to be applied to the line.

README CONTENTS
1) StartLine appearance changes of objects
    -  A)  sizes and locations of prims 
    -  B)  Changing Textures
2) Chronometer structure - Has race clock and title
3) Start line structure
4) Countdown and race colors
5) Miscellaneous

- 1) MODYFYING APPEARANCE
    - A) If you wish to change relationship or size of parts of StartLine the owner can use edit linked to change size or location.
        Note it is safer and probably easier to change textures using the Desgin Kit.
        
    - B) CHANGING TEXTURES

The Designer Kit requires several items to change textures other than the textures themselves.  They are:
    - Script titled  StartLine texture updater  -  which really does all the work included in the package.
    - Notecard titled  StartLine texture updater data  -  which has the following Keys in it
        * chrono_title=
            UUID of the texture intended to replace the title.  It's dimensions are 13 x 2 meters.
        * chrono_numbers=
            UUID of a different set of numbers. Has to have transparent backing.
        * line_main=
            UUid of texture to be applied to the line itself
        * line_arrow=
            UUID for a different direction arrow for the top of the line.  Have to change ways to be able to see it.
        * main_scale=
            # repetitions of the of the line_main on each side of the line.  Must be changing the line tecture for this to work.
        * arrow_scale=5
            # repetitions of the of the line_arrow on each side of the line.  Must be changing the arrow for this to work.
        Can supply as many of these keys as you wish. Thus if just line-main is supplied only the line will change.
    - Prim to put the data and script in.
    
To apply textures and scales
    1) Put the script into the prim's content
    2) Put the data into the prim's contents.  If things are working the data file will be visible for a moment and 
                and disappear after the script has processed it.  The name of the data file has to start with 
                "StartLine texture update data".  Designers can add a qualifier after that separated by a space.
    3) Place the prim close to the raceline
    4) Select Load Textures from the Owners Dialog
    
This structure makes it very easy for a third party to develop a texturing scheme for the line.  They load it in a prim and the end user just has to perform steps 3 and 4.

2) CHRONOMETER 

The Chonometer is s a mesh object with eight faces. The layer are:
    0)  Title
    1 - 2)  Hours
    3 )      colon  (:)
    4 - 5)  Minutes
    6 - 7)  Seconds
    
    Texture change have to be applied to the specific faces. Face 0 and 3 will not affect the performance of the clock, only its' appearance. Any changes to the hours, minutes or seconds are unpredictable.  In testing changes to numbers usually ended with the clock no longer working.  
    

3) RACE LINE

The line is made from mirrored, 7 sided mesh objects.  Each object is 6 sided box with an extra plane on the top for the direction arrows.  The are no faces where the two sides of the line meet.  This is done so the join can't be seen when the line is semi transparent.  For texturing purposes there are 3 faces:
    0)  Made up of top, front, bottom and back.  A template is provided to make it easy to change the texturing
    1)  The left or right end of the line depending on the side.
    2)  The Top Plane for the direction arrows.
    
The Line Texture UV, included in the package, will make changing the faces very easy.

It is also possible to to "turn off" face 1 on either end if you wish to add something to the end of the line. This done with the keys "visbleright" and "visibleleft"  in the settings file.

The transparency of the line can be changed with the key "alphaline" which is in the settings file.

4) CHRONOMETER AND LINE COLORS

Chronometer and line colors are selected in the settings file. The Owner can:
    1) Choose countdown and paused colors
    2) Turn color changing on or off for for either the chronometer and/or the line.
    
The details are explained in the settings file.  

Note the remote chronometer has the same colors as the local chronometer.

5) MISCELLANEOUS

There are several other options in the settings file.  Except for CHANNELS they heve either been explained already are the description in the settings file is sufficient. There are 2 types of channel keys in settings:
    1)  pingchannnel - When there are 2 or more lines within 100 meters of each other setting this allows the lines to communicate independaly of each other.
    2)  region_relay_channel - If it is a number not equal 0 the line will relay information normally said in chat.
    